Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
This is me. Yeah, really.
I was so little.
We were all little once, right?
This tiny apartment is my home.
When I was little,
I never went out.
So, naturally,
I was curious about the world.
Very curious.
Boss, there's still no sign
of a cat or a necklace.
He told me that out there
was this great place.
Oh!
Where did you go?
What happened to you? Blanket...
After that,
I never left home again.
- Daddy.
- Hmm?
Daddy!
- Daddy!
- Argh!
Hah!
Huh?
Daddy, the city -
what's it like?
Cape, I've told you
many, many, many times about it.
Out there, it's chaotic,
it's cold
and also full of crooks.
It's not exactly
what you think it is.
But I want to go!
I've never been outside.
When you grow up,
my son, you will understand.
This is such a nice home.
We lack only the things
we don't need.
You should be content,
just like I am.
I don't want to be like you.
- Huh?
- Blanket! Cape!
Look, meet your new pal!
Come down here! Oh!
She's a blue-and-gold macaw.
Her perch
is still downstairs.
- Hi. What's your name?
- Macaw.
Yes, I know you're a macaw,
but what's your name?
- I'm Mack.
- Mack, here's your perch. Come.
Whoa.
Uh?
I have your seeds
and nuts.
You're really named Mack?
- Yeah.
- Huh? But you're a female.
Why is your name Mack?
It's such a macho name.
What can I do about it?
This is my sixth home already.
New home, new name. Who can
possibly keep track of it all?
In the end, I suppose that Mack
was just easier for everyone.
Have you been to lots of places?
Of course, little buddy.
Of course.
Although, I have
a small character flaw.
I can't resist... biting things.
I'm a tad destructive.
It's a tiny character flaw,
but humans can't seem
to cope with it.
You've been in so many homes.
- So, you've been outside too?
- Huh?
- Why are you so interested?
- Being home all day is boring.
I see.
Water! Water! Aah! Ah-ha-ha!
If you're so scared of soda,
I bet bath time must leave you
a total wreck, doesn't it?
You...
Hey, Fatty. Hey, Fatty!
It's rude to keep your door open
while on the toilet
with a lady around, understand?
- Ugh!
- Aunty Mack?
Outside? I don't know.
I haven't been.
- Well, I have.
- You?
A fat and lazy cat?
A fat cat who can barely
fit on the toilet. You?
So, what's out there?
Tell us.
Tell us. Come on. Tell us!
- Peachtopia.
- Huh?
Peachtopia?
A peach tree forest
along the stream.
That's right. Hmm!
I've been told by many cats
about that legendary place.
A real Peachtopia.
It's a place for cats.
You don't know about it?
Five, six, seven, eight.
♪ Peachtopia is a place
♪ Where all cats can wander
freely all day long
♪ A place of milk,
fish and fantasy
♪ Where every cat
can be very happy
♪ Peachtopia, Peachtopia
♪ Peachtopia,
Peachtopia
♪ Peachtopia is a world for you
♪ A paradise for all free cats
♪ A world for you
It's a dream come true
♪ Peachtopia, Peachtopia
♪ Peachtopia
♪ Peachtopia, Peachtopia. ♪
Mama.
Huh?
You made that up, Fatty.
I swear it's on that mountain.
This glass bead leads directly
to Peachtopia.
This thing?
You think I'm an idiot?
A feline Peachtopia?!
If there's a cat Shakespeare...
..I'm a parrot Jane Austen.
Something on
your mind, Blanket?
You once told me that,
when you were little,
a stray cat came around here.
Dad, he was
from Peachtopia, right?
Daddy, where did Mommy go?
Could she be... in Peachtopia?
Maybe she's waiting over there
by a peach tree.
Daddy, I want to go out.
Hey, what are you doing?
Huh?
Hmm.
- Phew!
- You scared me! You scared me!
- That was so reckless.
- Cape, cats aren't birds.
Cats can't fly.
Your mother, she...
Well, she, uh...
What about my mom? Where is she?
Your mom,
she... went to Peachtopia.
Really?
My mom went to Peachtopia?!
Hey, let's go find her!
It's too far away.
We'll never make it.
Why is that?
Cape, cats aren't birds.
Cats can't fly.
Fly?
Huh?
Ah!
One, two, three!
Oh! Ah!
Oh!
Hey, Cape, let's say
you do make it down.
There's still the river
to cross.
..everywhere and
in your home, in your cosy home,
and in your cosy kitchen,
there's danger!
- Take this...
- Ow! Ow! Ow!
My goodness! Oh!
That's so scary! So shocking!
A lifetime of scares under our
own roof! It's unbelievable!
You see? You see? It's even
dangerous at home, you guys.
Come on. Come on.
Give me a warship!
Uh...
Cape, to be young
is to struggle,
but there's no point.
Hey, Cape?
What are you doing?
Daddy, look, I made a rocket!
I'm going to fly it out of here.
Huh?
Cape, get down! Aargh!
Daddy, I'm going to Peachtopia!
Look! Watch me fly!
Cape! Cape!
- Aah!
- He's really flying!
Aah! Cape! He's falling!
Yeah!
Aah!
We have to save him!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Cape!
Hey!
Huh?
Cape!
The red speck, I can't see it.
Oh, Cape.
Huh?
- What's that?
- Looks like a cat.
- Really?
- There's a cat on it!
Oh!
Ah!
Whoa.
Yeah! Oh!
Huh?
Daddy, Daddy! Look!
I just photographed
a paraglider.
- Uh-huh. I see.
- Come on.
- Look again.
- Sure, sure.
It flew and flew, flew
and flew, all the way to here.
Oh. Great photo.
She... she saw where Cape landed!
Hurry up! Quick!
You can do it, Fatty!
You having a baby or what, huh?
Just do it!
Come on!
Push!
That's it! Good.
Head's out! Whoa!
Hurry. Go on.
Oh!
Hey! Hey!
Excuse me?
Shh!
Who are you?
How did you get here?
Well, actually,
I want to go there,
to the mountain there,
to Peachtopia.
Peachtopia? Never heard of it.
But it's dangerous here.
Easy to get in, hard to get out.
Huh?
He got in by accident.
Let him go.
Run, little cat!
No!
No! No!
- These are his early works.
- Yeah, we love those.
My wife and I collect them.
Do you have any new ones?
Huh?
Aah!
Hey! Whoa!
Stop!
Ow!
Yes, the new ones.
Yeah, they didn't
really have them.
No.
Get down! Now!
Huh?
No, he's stuck.
Round and round he goes,
but then no, nothing.
- Look.
- Too complicated.
No, no, that's it!
- It's way too complicated.
- Huh?
He's searching
for a breakthrough.
Artists struggle, get stuck,
and then bang, they amaze us.
Sure, if there's a bang.
Huh?
- Search over here.
- Huh?
Huh?
Hey.
- Hey.
- Huh?
- There's cameras everywhere.
Follow my footsteps.
Hmm!
- Over there! Get him!
- Huh?
There!
Over there! Quick!
He, boss,
we checked the whole factory.
And we locked up the ape.
- Just go now.
- Sure.
All my work, my inspiration,
even this workshop
began with that bead.
And after all this time,
it's finally back!
Lately, sales have been
way, way down.
That work,
even old customers dislike it.
As you know,
the market prefers the early...
What's wrong with the new work?
What's wrong with it?
What do they know, huh?
Maybe... maybe it's because
they're too complicated?
What's that even mean?
What do you mean,
"too complicated"?
Which bit is too much?
Tell me! Which bit? Tell me!
You're the boss
and you create the work.
I'm the manager,
I look after sales.
The market's tough now.
Sales are really bad.
If nothing changes,
this workshop...
We'll look all over the place
for that necklace.
What now? How can we see
that photo? Huh?
Wow! Daddy, look!
The river's so wide!
- It's so pretty!
- Leave it to me.
Let's see the paraglider photo.
Paraglider? OK. There.
Huh? A parrot?
Whoa! Oh!
Whoa!
Whoa! Oh. Aah!
Oh! Aah!
Oh!
Give it to me!
Open your stupid beak!
Huh?
The photo!
Don't worry, I saw it.
I know where Cape landed.
What? That's great.
You're the best!
Wow!
♪ Every day we have fun
♪ That's all we do
♪ We are wild cats, yeah
♪ There are no rules
♪ Even on rainy days
♪ We don't get the blues
♪ We don't wear collars
round here
♪ Do what we please
♪ Oh, we have so much fun
now that we're free
♪ It's always a party here
♪ Together as friends... ♪
- What's your name?
- It's Cape.
You're a little house cat.
How did a little house cat
land here?
In this place
of which there's no exit?
I'm looking for Peachtopia.
Peachtopia?
Peachtopia. Feline Peachtopia!
My daddy says that feline
Peachtopia is really beautiful,
so I made a rocket and...
..flew here to find Peachtopia.
- A rocket?
- Mm.
My daddy says that Peachtopia
is right here on this mountain.
Why are you looking
for Peachtopia?
To find my mother.
My mother left us.
I really don't want to be lazy
like my daddy is,
eating and sleeping
the entire day,
just staring out the window.
My dad says
this'll take me to Peachtopia.
Hmm...
- Huh?
- The raccoons are here.
- Begin searching.
- Right!
Huh...
Ah...
Hmm.
Ah.
Oh.
The paw prints you cats make
are certainly much prettier
than those of us raccoons.
I'm off.
If there's any news,
get in touch.
Huh?
Wake up, wake up.
- Fatty, get up.
- Huh?
We were rescued by geese.
How cool is that?
We're in the belly
of a huge boat.
This is our home. The boat
stops at a new dock every day.
We're nearly at the dock
of the mountain right now.
- Thank you so much!
- Animals should help animals.
Oh!
The boat docks
someplace new every day.
You don't ever want
to settle down?
And what if...
What if the crew
discover you all here?
If they do,
we'll just go elsewhere.
Everywhere is so crowded.
We just occupy the corners.
But we can't just hide,
never going out.
We would suffocate!
Every day,
we go someplace different,
so every day
we discover a new place.
Aah!
Hey, I'm coming too!
Huh?
Daddy, come play with us,
please!
Sure! Here I come.
Whoo!
Thanks so much.
If only my dad
was as tough as you.
That Peachtopia,
does it really exist?
Is it really here
on the mountain?
It is.
Really?
It's at the bottom of the lake.
Feline Peachtopia,
the valley of cats.
There's a river
lined with peach trees.
In winter, the river freezes.
You can step on it easily
and you can glide
really far distances -
so far you begin to wonder
what's beyond the valley,
what the world is like
beyond Peachtopia.
You've been to Peachtopia?
You came from Peachtopia?
That necklace,
I gave it to your dad.
You know my father?
You gave him this necklace?
He was just a kitten then,
just like you are now.
That's so great!
If my father knew I met you,
he'd be so happy!
Super! Peachtopia!
Let's go there together!
I can't go back to Peachtopia.
But so what?
Peachtopia is just a place,
a place like any other.
It's that lake,
on the bottom.
It's very deep with undertows.
Dangerous.
I'm not scared!
That doesn't mean
it's not dangerous.
The cat your father knew
thought Peachtopia was small
and the world was big.
That cat, now he's just
an old cat afraid to go home,
one of a pack of lonely strays,
passing the days in this dive.
That necklace
will bring you bad luck.
Throw it away.
Listen, go up past the factory.
That's where your son landed.
- Thank you. Come on, Mack.
- Mm.
And when you find your son,
tell him we all think
he's really cool!
Super Rocket Cat!
Super cool!
I have toys. Stuffed toys.
Buy two, get one free. On sale.
Aww.
- Excuse me!
- Huh?
Yeah. Take it to the second shop
after the tunnel.
Sure, got it.
It's freezing.
- Hang in there.
- I'm a tropical bird.
- Just hang in there.
- Tropical.
- I have... I have to...
- What? Spit it out.
- I need the toilet.
- Hold it in!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's warm.
I-I peed.
Aah! It's pee?!
♪ The promised land
for all cats
♪ A paradise
It's just that
♪ The happy land
that's Peachtopia
♪ A paradise, no more than that
♪ But where is it? ♪
- I can barely move.
- Hop on.
Oh, Mack, I'm so stupid.
I shouldn't have told Cape
his mom went to Peachtopia.
Well, when we see him,
just tell him the truth.
Mack, look!
We're nearly there!
- Oh!
- Huh?
Wow!
Whoa! Hey, Fatty, hurry, hurry!
What is this place?
- Shh. Lower your voice.
- What's that?
Huh?
He's hanging in the air!
He's levitating. Is he a god?
Whence come you? Whither go you?
He saw us! Loudmouth macaw!
Hmm!
Wow!
You're amazing! A true master.
A master of the Way.
Too kind, too kind.
"Happy in nature,
peaks short and tall as well
"Views ever changing,
lost amidst it all."
Hey, Master,
we're going to that mountain,
but we're kind of lost.
- Can you tell us the way?
- You're lost.
You're lost.
- Peachtopia is on the mountain.
- Peachtopia?
What is Peachtopia?
It's a metaphor.
Peachtopia exists
in our hearts.
Only meditation leads us there.
Huh?
Hey, everybody! Brother Deer has
advanced in the meditative arts.
Too kind, too kind. How's
Brother Antelope's Magic Pill?
Well, it has
its ups and downs. Not easy.
Oh. Sister Goat is here too.
Oh, hello, gentlemen!
So, how's the mystic calligraphy
going for you, huh?
I've had
some minor breakthroughs,
but Brother Deer
is still our paragon.
You flatter me.
Our visitors are lost
and want to go to Back Mountain.
- Mm-hm.
- Back Mountain? Oh, my, my, my!
You mustn't go over there!
Because it's your first time,
and you don't already know,
I'll tell you about
the glass factory.
It's very dangerous.
It's full of nasty raccoons
who kidnap other animals.
Yeah. Truth is, cities
and people are everywhere now.
For us animals,
it's all dangerous.
Only this cloth-dyeing plant
is peaceful,
so we live as hermits,
meditating,
pursuing enlightenment
and release from the human world
to the nirvana of animal souls.
Hey,
why don't you stay with us?
We happen to need two disciples.
You can receive
our mystical secrets.
True, true!
I can see your potential. I can.
I appreciate your offer,
but I have to find my son.
If where he went
is that dangerous,
it's even more important
that I find him.
Oh, family keeps you
in the secular world.
- What about the lady?
- I'm interested, I'm interested!
Oh, tell me your secrets.
We'll find Cape
and then we'll come back.
You are so powerful.
You're so amazing! Teach me,
teach me, teach me now!
How dare you play
such dirty tricks!
- No respect! No respect!
- Catch them!
- Aah!
- There's no escape! Stop!
Look, the mountain!
- It's a trap!
Go up! Go up!
Come on!
Huh?
It's so late. Why call us back?
Well, the boss says
he's inspired
and to get ready.
Hmm? Why is
the aerostatic press on?
Hey! Underwater currents!
What is this hose
doing in the water?
Agh!
Hmm.
- Huh.
- Are they gone?
Shh! Looks like it.
Those must be the raccoons.
Yeah, so dangerous!
Let's get out of here.
The mountain's up ahead.
Taste my Falling Leaf
kung fu! Hi-ya!
- Stop!
- Huh?
Hm.
This way, this way.
This way.
Heh!
Oh! Huh?
Go away.
Hurry, up here!
Stop right there!
And that's my Power Kick!
Huh?
He isn't wearing the necklace.
Where did it go, huh?
Could it be in the lake?
Here's surveillance footage,
from before he fell
into the lake,
when he came
onto the property.
He's not wearing
the necklace.
The boss is upstairs.
How come you're here?
It's you!
What are you doing?
Training. I want to jump out.
You've no idea.
On the last day of every month,
he chooses one animal
to make a mould for those
terrifying sculptures of his...
..alive!
The boss says that doing this
gives the work
its special spark.
As for those animals here...
..today... today is
the last day of the month.
Uh, you...
You're...
Little Blanket,
all grown up.
Cape's been here?
And they've taken him?
Mm.
I have to save him.
There's electricity.
- Blanket!
Blanket!
Ooh!
Agh!
Blanket!
Must... find Cape...
Huh?
The boss is coming.
So, I guess today is the day
for a new mould.
What are you thinking, huh?
Listen, I had the raccoons
out on patrol.
Look! They got lucky.
They were able to catch
some rare specimens.
Untie them and chuck 'em in.
Be quick.
Look here. Look at this.
The wild ones
have great musculature.
The long-termers
get a bit withered.
So, tell me, boss,
which one inspires you?
Oh, how's this one here?
Or... or this one?
This?
Him!
Oh! But what about
the necklace?
- Any news of it?
- Uh, still none.
Still no news of it?
The necklace is lost, just
like... my inspiration is gone!
I can't make anything,
nothing sells!
This factory
is completely doomed!
Since it's doomed,
I want you to make me moulds
from all of them, one by one,
until they're all dead.
Cats! Cats are the worst.
Start with him!
Torment him to death,
then throw him in the kiln!
Understood?
You know, in the past,
if an artist was blocked,
he would throw
a live animal into the kiln.
It was called a sacrifice.
Actually, it's a shame
to burn them in the kiln.
Exactly.
These four-legged creatures
who've run in the woods
make great stew.
True. They're so gamey.
They make delicious soup.
Whoa!
- You bumped into me!
- What's wrong with you two?
- It was him.
- You must be blind.
Because I... I didn't!
We'll look for Cape
in the morning.
Blanket, look.
My mate.
Later we had Cape.
You can't imagine
how tiny he was at first,
and so adorably pink,
with his closed eyes.
He opened his eyes
and he looked at me.
My son.
You're a dad, Blanket.
And even later...
Blanket!
You stay right here!
I haven't been
a good protector,
but I have to protect him.
I must find Cape!
I'm going now!
Now?
Cape! Cape!
Huh?
Cape! On your right!
On your right!
Hey, hey.
- Hey.
- Huh?
Look. There's a parrot.
Aunty Mack!
Hey, Cape. Your dad and I
are here to save you!
- Dad's here?
- Yes, your dad. He's the best!
He jumped out the window and
followed you across the river.
He fought cormorants and goats.
And now he's here to save you.
- Of course, there's me too.
- Daddy!
Huh?
- Agh!
- Just wait.
We're coming back to save you!
And the others too.
- All of you!
- I'll get you!
- My daddy?
- That grey cat is your father?
We met that grey cat.
He's your dad?
He's a kung fu warrior.
His skills are extraordinary.
He's coming to save us?
Your dad is formidable.
- My dad!
- Wonderful! Wonderful!
It's so wonderful.
Ugh!
My dad's gonna save me.
I'm getting out of here!
The last time that I escaped,
I waited until the raccoons
went on their meal break.
I reached out...
..and grabbed
that stiff, heavy lock.
I pulled and pulled...
..and I escaped!
Take that, you stupid monkey.
Now the lock's too far away.
There's no way I can reach it.
- I have a way.
- Huh?
- Oh, oh! Tell us!
What is it? Tell us!
Huh? What?
Oh! Oh!
Ow.
Ow, that hurts!
Go get ready!
Almost there, guys.
It's not strong enough.
Huh?
Support it, quick!
Quick, quick, quick!
Huh?
- Someone's here!
- Hurry!
I'm an idiot. You pull this one.
Huh?
Hah! You're playing with
your feeders now, huh?
Here's some plastic bags.
Play with these.
- Did you find Cape?
- Yeah, I did. I found him.
He's trapped
in a teeny, tiny little cage.
Oh, poor Cape.
What's to think about?
Let's go already!
- We...
- Hey, raccoons outside.
Take it.
I'm pretty smart too.
But where could I go?
Out there is a very cruel
and ruthless world.
We raccoons,
we get run over by cars,
get kicked or chased by kids.
At best, we raccoons
end up in a cage at the zoo.
A cage.
Worst-case scenario, we land
in a pot of raccoon soup.
Terrifying. Terrifying.
Hm.
You're a smart raccoon.
You know the truth.
Humph.
They say you cats
only look after yourselves.
Cats also mind
their own business.
Good. How's this?
You're no stranger, so I'm
giving you a choice here, OK?
You give up the cat
and the necklace
and nothing changes, OK?
Or you can just hand over
the necklace.
But that's the end
of your precious little bar.
Getting a choice
does have its price.
Now, I... I can set you free,
and you leave this place
with the grey cat.
Which do you think
I'll choose?
Each option has its benefits
and its price as well.
It's not easy.
No, it's not easy.
Not easy at all.
Is this not
the agony of choice?
And the fun of it all too?
I overheard your conversation
just now.
I'll rescue Cape myself.
- What the raccoon said...
- It makes sense.
I heard what you said too.
I was just humouring him.
I won't make things
hard for you.
You don't have to choose.
Have the necklace.
So, you're off to save Cape?
Worst-case,
I fail and get caught.
I'll be with him then.
- Let's go, Mack.
- Yeah.
- Let's go! It's mould time.
- Move it.
It's somewhere near here.
Come on, let's look over there.
Go.
Cape!
No, Cape.
Daddy! Daddy!
I'm over here!
Whoa! Hey!
Daddy!
- They got Dad!
- Cape!
He's in danger!
They think I died!
I have to get him!
I have to tell him I'm alive!
- You can't save him.
- I have to save him!
Cape!
- Let me go!
- Your dad wants you to be safe.
- You're all he has.
- No! I have to save my dad.
We're going to Peachtopia
to find Mom!
Your mom isn't in Peachtopia.
She's not in Peachtopia?
Mama...
There's only me?
Your mom died long ago.
Your dad told me.
You're lying.
Maybe we can use this.
There's you too.
Biggie! Biggie!
Huh?
- Look who's here.
- Huh?
But things have changed
drastically.
The fat cat is now in my hands,
not in yours.
I'll give you the necklace and
I'll give you the kitten too.
You give me the grey cat
and let us leave this place.
Oh, so the fat grey cat means
a lot to you, does he, huh?
He saved my life.
Hmm. Sounds reasonable.
But then what if this is just
a little dirty trick, huh?
On your territory.
We'll do the trade in your HQ.
Hmm.
OK. You've got yourself
a deal.
You had to make
a tough choice,
but it's still better
than not making one at all.
You did, and I'm very happy.
Actually, when you go,
I'm going to miss you.
Hurry! Move it!
Huh?
- Daddy!
- Huh?
- It's Cape! You're alive?
- Yes, Dad, I'm alive!
Cape's alive! My son is alive!
Cape's alive! He didn't die!
He's alive!
- Let me go!
- OK, let's do it.
You take the grey cat
and I keep the kitten.
Sorry.
- Now, let's go.
- No!
Let my son go! Let my son go!
Sorry. I change my mind a lot.
I've thought it over.
Not gonna happen.
- I have to take you hostage.
- You...
Son, you're alive!
Wonderful. So wonderful!
Daddy!
Kidnapping me is no use.
Out there are men, walls,
electric fences.
You already know
this is a place of no exit.
I know that.
We're in, not going out.
Move.
Cape! Little Cape! Blanket!
You're awesome, Cape!
Little Cape, what a hero.
You saved all of us!
You're awesome, Cape.
Hah!
Blanket.
- Hey, Cape.
- Huh?
What now?
You still can't get out.
Hmm. We're not leaving.
Right, we're going
all the way in.
To Peachtopia!
Look, Cape, I'm sorry.
I never told you.
Your mom isn't at Peachtopia.
That's OK.
Daddy, I already knew that.
Everyone, come with me!
Huh?
Hmm!
- Everyone, do as I say!
- OK.
First group! Second group!
Third group! Hurry!
Quick! Come on.
What is going on?
- Huh?
- Grab them all! Now!
Mm.
Quick, everyone inside.
Whoa!
- Daddy!
- Oh!
Daddy, Daddy! Hurry!
Oh, no. It got stuck!
- Argh!
- Daddy!
Go, go! Go, go! Daddy!
Ya!
Oh!
Ooh!
Daddy! Ugh!
Yaaa!
Daddy!
Cape!
Thank you so much.
Heh. I wanted to quit ages ago.
Huh!
The necklace! And the bead!
It's OK.
It's just an ordinary
glass bead. Just a souvenir.
Originally he gave it to me.
When I met him years ago,
he was a poor worker
with big ideas.
He said I inspired him.
I inspired his first
cat sculptures.
The bead's lovely
mutating colours
were like the inspiration
he chased.
The workshop
was his Peachtopia.
Later he went too far,
into the dark side.
So I left.
Later we both changed.
Oh!
And Peachtopia,
does it really exist?
Look. It's there.
Ooh.
Ohhh!
Whoo-hoo!
Full steam ahead.
Turn right, turn right!
Dad. Dad!
Daddy! Daddy! Wake up!
- Cape.
- Quick, look!
Everyone, wake up! Daddy!
Huh?
Hurry!
Wow!
Whee!
Whoa! Yeah!
Whoa!
Whoo! Yeah!
We're free!
Huh?
I want to go home.
That flat across the river,
that's my home.
- Daddy?
- Huh?
How about I go back home
with you?
I know that not everyone
has a home to go to.
Hey, son, this giant world
is all yours.
Go. Experience it, be daring.
But if... if one day
you miss home,
you know that your home
is wherever I am.
Take care, take care,
my sweet, little Cape!
I'm going too.
My mother isn't here
in Peachtopia.
Where will you go, then?
Hmm. I don't know.
Wherever I want to go.
Somewhere.
'Bye, guys!
What about us?
This place doesn't suit me.
Peachtopia isn't my home.
No-one knows me
or is waiting for me.
It doesn't suit
an old stray cat like me.
Why is any place you can get to
never where you want to be?
If you can't find home
in your heart,
you won't find it anywhere.
Even still, this is
a pretty good place to live.
Set up a guard post.
Yeah, I could do that.
Keep it from humans
a while longer.
I'll open another bar.
You need
a business partner?
Daddy, Daddy!
You only saw Mom fall, right?
Maybe she's still alive
somewhere!
Wherever I go,
my mother might be there.
I'm coming, Mom!
I'm coming, big world.
Hah!
Since I was little,
I've dreamt of Peachtopia.
And here it is.
But Peachtopia
lives in every heart.
It is such a special place
where you live happily.
But Cape is off
to see the big world.
I have a home.
We all have to let go,
leave, and grow up.
Maybe that's
the true Peachtopia -
a place you long for,
but where you can't stay.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org